chore: improve handbook comms checklists (#2355)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/communications/release-blog.md

<INTRO>

## Release theme and logo

> <Logo image size is recommended as maximum 2160px>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Logo image size is recommended to be no more than 2160px>
```
